Assignment 3 README File

# Assignment 2 Overview
Generated a Linear Regression model in assignment 2 and uploaded a REPO using python and R to generate the plots. 


## We created scripts for python and R to generate a scatter plot and then generated a fitted linear regression line. 
    
## We then generated a script which acted as a template to reproduce the process and generated .png files with our generated graphs. 

# Assignment 3
Characterizing the plot with print of line of best fit characteristics:
    

## We further characterized the linear regression plot we generated by finding the slope, correlation coefficient, intercept, p-value, standard error, and mean squared error (MSE). These were calculated and included in the line formula (slope and intercept), calculated correlation coefficient, and MSE. The other values were printed in the python notebook and demonstrated using the summarize function in R.
    
## We utilized the print function "print (f"...={...}") with ... being our metric of interest (slope, intercept, etc.). To evaluate the diferent metrics. 
    
## Additionally, we enhanced our plot (the scatter plot with a fitted linear regression line) with text annotation.
## To this end we added the linear regression equation with both slope and intercept, the MSE and the r value.

## We found these values and added them to the generated plots using both python and R.

## We then made new PNG files to save the images of the plots.

## We then generated script files which are able to be executable in the terminal and generate the plots of interest. 

## We then created an assignment 3 branch to our assignment 2 main branch in github. In doing this we demonstrated the practice of branching, committing, pull requests, and tagging in GitHub. 

        
